- Okay we have looked at the rapports
Now we will look at JSON-B Custom
Serializers and Deserializers.
Okay, so this is the second level of
deep customization that JSON Binding API provides you
in case some kind of logic is not facilitated by the
complied time or the run time customizations
that it already provides you.
And do not worry, this is the last
bit where JSON Binding really tries to convince
us that yes you can do all sorts of customization
if you were not able to do it with the
additions or the JSON-B congfig option or even
with the adaptor.
Okay, so this is the lowest level of
Serialization/Deserialization
that you have and this is the place
where you have all kinds of access to the
JSON process and the generators from
the low level JSON processing API.
We already know that JSON Binding uses
JSON processing internally, and all
the JSON parsers and generators available there
will now be available to you.
While this option of Serializers and Deserializers
so that you can actually carry out the lowest
level of serialization and deserialization.
Now if you want to do that, then you have
to implement a couple of interfaces.
JSON-B Serializers and JSON-B Deserializers.
And, you will need to write the custom logic for
serialization and deserialization under
the respective methods of these classes
and once that's then done we can test it out on
any of the objects that you want to satisfy
this requirement for.
So, we'll take a look at the demo in the next video.